Welcome back.
It's finally time to install Python the Python interpreter that we've been talking about for so long
and if you're on Windows.
This video is going to help you get set up.
We're going to go to Python.
Dot org.
Click on downloads and make sure that we're downloading for Windows we're simply going to click and
I'm going to run the installer.
All right.
Now this is really really important on Windows.
You want to make sure that you click on Add Python to path.
What this is going to allow us to do is to actually open up Python and use python from the command prompt.
I'll show you that once we install this how it works.
But make sure you click on this and also to install a launcher for all users which is recommended so
I'm going to click install now and yes we'll say go ahead.
Now you want to install based on your system you might have an older version of Windows a newer version.
Usually the python dot or Web site will detect your machine and know what to install but obviously install
according to why you have in my case it's a 32 bit system.
All right come on.
All right setup was successful.
Let's close.
And then what I want to do is actually use the command prompt yes I'm going to type into search command
prompt
if I click here.
And now if I type in python a check that out we have Python working.
Awesome.
Now on windows you can also use something called Power shell and power Shell is actually well I prefer
it over command prompt because the same commands that work on a Linux machine or a Mac will work on
power shell.
So again if I do Python here and hit enter.
Look at that.
Python is working as well.
So if you have Windows and you have power shell available I do recommend you use partial because the
commands that I use in the course will most likely work with partial another option for Windows is something
called Get bash.
So if I do get bash so forget bash.
If you go to get four windows you'll see here that it comes with get bash which underneath the hood
what it is.
It's an emulation a bash emulation which is a shell to allow us to use Unix commands that can be used
and Mac or on Linux on the windows machine so that if you ever watch it tutorial where the instructor
is using a Mac for example you can use those same commands.
So to review we have the option of using get bash if you want or you have the option of using command
prompt or my personal favorite power show.
So if you have partial on your device then I recommend using that if not get bash but because during
our install clicked on that checkbox that says hey add Python to our path variable we're able to run
this python command and actually enter the python wrap something that will become useful and you'll
see why it's useful as we go through the course.
But for now let's take a break and I'll see in the next video by.